https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/modules/configure-subscriptions/10-summary-resources
Azure Administrators commonly obtain and manage Azure subscriptions. Azure subscriptions help you effectively identify and manage costs for your organization, so you can provide services and resources for specific scenarios.

In this module, you learned about supported Azure regions, and how to locate Azure services. You reviewed the features and use cases for Azure subscriptions, and how to obtain subscriptions. You explored features and billing for different types of Azure subscriptions, and how to apply resource tagging. You discovered how Microsoft Cost Management can be used for cost analysis. You learned how to identify ways you can reduce your billing costs.

The main takeaways from this module are:

Azure regions provide flexibility, data residency, compliance, and resiliency options.

Azure subscriptions are essential for managing access to Azure resources and billing.

Azure offers various subscription options such as Free, Pay-As-You-Go, Enterprise Agreement, and Student.

Azure offers cost-saving options such as reservations, Azure Hybrid Benefits and Azure credits.

Resource tagging allows for organizing and analyzing resources in Azure.

Microsoft Cost Management helps monitor and control Azure spending.

The Pricing Calculator provides billing estimates for different usage cases.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Policy list: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/governance/policy/samples/built-in-policiess

Summary and resources
Completed
100 XP
2 minutes
Azure Policy is a service in Azure that enables you to create, assign, and manage policies. Azure Policy helps you define and implement your governance strategy by using policies to control and audit your resources.

In this module, you have learned about Azure Policy and how it allows you to control and audit your resources. You explored how to implement Azure policy definitions and initiatives for your corporate departments. You learned how to create management groups, scope policies, and manage spending budgets. You reviewed how Azure policies can be scoped to meet compliance regulations.

The main takeaways from this module are:

Azure Policy is a powerful service in Azure that enables you to enforce rules and ensure compliance with corporate standards and service level agreements.
Management groups provide a way to efficiently manage access, policies, and compliance across multiple subscriptions, allowing for unified policy and access management.
Creating policy definitions and initiative definitions allows you to define conventions for resources and control the scope of policies, ensuring resource compliance.
The Compliance feature in Azure Policy helps you determine the compliance state of your resources and evaluate whether they're compliant or compliant.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Implement role-based access control

Secure access management for cloud resources is critical for businesses that operate in the cloud. Role-based access control (RBAC) is a mechanism that can help you manage who can access your Azure resources. RBAC lets you determine what operations specific users can do on specific resources, and control what areas of a resource each user can access.

Azure RBAC is an authorization system built on Azure Resource Manager. Azure RBAC provides fine-grained access management of resources in Azure.

Things to know about Azure RBAC
Here are some things you can do with Azure RBAC:

Allow an application to access all resources in a resource group.

Allow one user to manage VMs in a subscription, and allow another user to manage virtual networks.

Allow a database administrator (DBA) group to manage SQL databases in a subscription.

Allow a user to manage all resources in a resource group, such as VMs, websites, and subnets.

Azure RBAC concepts